alright guys so today I want to be going
over a trick called Harry Houdini's card
trick it's actually really popular it's
um it's really not that difficult I
think everybody here is going to really
like it so let's get into it I'm gonna
go ahead and give the deck a quick
shuffle and then you're going to go
ahead and pick a card from the middle so
go ahead and just touch any card that
you want so let's say you select this
card from the middle happens to be this
one it really doesn't matter which card
you pick and happens to be three of
clubs here so if you see I'm gonna go
ahead and put it in the middle of the
deck and let's say I cut it up and we
can mix it up as well just like that so
your cards lost in the deck
I'm not exactly sure where it is I'm
going to have to find it in about two
seconds but before I do that let's go
ahead and use a rubber band since I
don't usually get to use these in any of
my tricks and a rubber band trick has
been requested so this is probably the
main reason why I'm doing this and so
you can see I had the rubber band here
okay
so no funny move them to go and show you
the top card happens to not be yours you
know what I'm gonna go ahead and take
this card this one that doesn't happen
that happens to not be your card put it
back in the middle because we don't
necessarily need it for the trick and
what I'm going to do is I'm going to cut
the deck with the rubber band around
it's something that I don't normally do
so you can see the deck is getting cut
and this rubber band is going to help me
find your card all I have to do is just
drop the deck down and you can see that
one card shoots from the middle of the
deck you can see it's the deck is
completely enclosed in this rubber band
one card shoots out of the middle that
happens to your selected card I really
hope you guys liked that trick it's one
of my favorites and don't forget to
stick around for the tutorial alright
guys I hope you guys like the trick
here's how you do it
all you need is a regular rubber band
and a deck of cards so go ahead and get
that and then come back to the video all
right so now that we're all ready to go
I'm going to go ahead and give some more
information on it it's not necessarily
that hard of a trick so don't worry
about it
there I don't think there's any sleight
of hands really so let's get it right
into it so you can go ahead and give the
cards to the spectator and have them
shuffle it up from the beginning so the
spectator can shove up the cards and
from the start of the trick go ahead and
put the rubber band inside your pocket
all right and just have the deck of
cards so now the spectator has just
shuffled it up you can have them pick
whatever card they want from the middle
and you can say okay look so you chose
any card from the middle of the deck it
happens to be three of diamonds right
here so you have spectators you know
what I'm going to go and get this card
bossed into the deck and I'm gonna have
to find it at the end so you're going to
stick the card in the middle it's like
this hold in mechanic's grip and now
what you do is you're gonna tell
speculators let's go ahead and push it
into the middle but all you're going to
do is you're going to push down like
that push down on the card and in and at
the same time it's going to just create
a break inside the deck just like that
so from here you transfer to the pinky
break over here like that and it's all
you need to do so now you can just take
it to the top you're going to control
their card to the top so here you have
the break take half the cards from the
break or half a card half the cards
above the break put to the table take
the cards from the break put it down
complete the cut and now you've just
controlled their card to the top of the
deck so from here - spectators let's go
ahead and mix up the deck so obviously
their card is on top but you're just
going to control it so you say look
let's go ahead and mix up the deck and
in my right hand here if you're doing a
riffle shuffle in your right hand if
you're right-handed their card is going
to be there so all you have to do is you
when you riffle down you let your right
hand over here finish last see that
I'll leave my right hand card on top and
there it is on top of the deck so you
can tell the spectators that there's you
can say look so now that I've shuffled
up the deck a few times the cards lost
in the deck or it's lost now and I'm
actually going to try and use this
rubber band let's see if I can try to
find your card with this rubber band
just like this so you can put the rubber
band over the cards it's like I said
there's no gimmicks involved just put it
on the deck just like this no moves just
put it on each other spectators with
snap or whatever you want you can say I
think your card is just jump to the top
now from here you're going to do a
double lift because their card really is
on top so all you do is you bevel the
cards riffle down until you have two so
I have two cards over there and all you
can do is you're going to slide it out
like this instead look so I think your
cards on top of the deck flip the double
over and then you say look so this is
your card right and the spectator is
obviously going to say no so then you're
going to tell them well you know what
let's go ahead now I really have to use
this rubber band to help me find your
card so you can do a wrist kill because
like I said you did a double lift so
there's two cards here their card is
below this top card and this is the
situation from here you have two cards
on top of the deck and the rest are in
the rubber band so from here you do a
wrist kill and you say look I'm gonna go
ahead and flip this card back over and
all I did was a like I said a risk Hill
and you're going to take your right hand
slide one card which is the fake card to
their cars underneath it and you say
look let's go to put this in the middle
deck because we don't really need this
anymore so you take this you put it in
the middle and you hold it and then you
just push it into the middle no
questions asked it's really simple so
from here this is what you're going to
do because obviously their card is on
the bottom of this pile this is their
card right here all you have to do is
you're going to cut the deck so this is
this is how you're going to do it you're
going to hold the cards in your left
hand or you're down at hand and you're
going to come over with your right hand
if you're right-handed like me you're
going to take top half of the cards put
it over to the right inside the rubber
band this is all happening with the
rubber band inside the rubber band twist
it upwards so here's your thumb I'm only
gonna do this one time so you're going
to go with your thumb like this turn it
so now you should have the left hand
face up right hand face down and then
you're going to fold it like this and
then you're just going to fold the deck
it looks like you just cut the cards so
at this point there's going to be a lot
of tension going on with this rubber
band
just try and keep everything together
and then close up the cut so now you're
holding the deck here there's lots of
tension going on with this rubber band
and as soon as you drop the cards the
card is going to fly out so what you
have to do is you're going to transfer
this you're holding it like this just
kind of tightly a mechanic's grip all
you can do is come over and Biddle grip
in you tell the spectators you know what
I really have to use this rubber band
hopefully it's going to help me find
your card so if I just drop the deck on
the table this rubber band is going to
tell me where your card is and all you
have to do is just really just drop the
deck it doesn't have to be that high
maybe like two or three inches and our
cards going to fling out if you drop it
from a really high distance like let's
say like six inches maybe the card is
going to really shoot out of there so
you don't want to do it that too much
and then tell us back because look so
your card really just shot out of the
middle of the deck and it's the only
facedown card and you can take their
band off and say look it really is the
only facedown card in the deck and I'm
pretty sure that this was your card all
right guys I really hope you guys liked
the trick as much as as much as I did
this really is one of my favorites I
hope this one works out for you guys and
thanks for watching